Marijuana is one of the
most used recreational drugs in the world and is
obtained by drying the
resinous inflorescences of female cannabis plants.
There are different varieties of cannabis that
have been used for millennia all over the
world and for different purposes and recreational,
medicinal, ceremonial and religious as
for  Rastafarians or meditative as for
the Indian sados ​​and the Buddhist monks of the
palm trees
but I will explain exactly how
marijuana works, the most
common way of consuming marijuana and
smoking it and also the fastest method
to get the active ingredient,
THC, into circulation in our  blood and from there it
has brain
alternatively marijuana can be
eaten receiving a more
physical effect which lasts decidedly longer
the cannabis plant contains
hundreds of chemical substances but the most
important known among these is delta 9
tetrahydrocannabinol or simply thc
the principle  active responsible for the
effects of marijuana on our
body when marijuana is
smoked the THC contained in the flower in the
resin is vaporized and inhaled
entering our lungs which are
lined with millions of tiny
sponges absorbed by the air called alveoli
the alveoli normally serve to
absorb oxygen  when we inhale and
release carbon dioxide when
we inhale but when we smoke together with
oxygen they also absorb the thc
making them enter directly into
our bloodstream
in this way in a few seconds the thc
makes its way through the blood vessels
up to the brain
the human brain is full of  billions of
cells that process information
called neurons that communicate with each
other through synapses a synapse is
like a corridor where two
doors open onto two different neurons
through the corridor the two neurons
exchange information in the form of
electrical impulses or  chemical molecules
or neurotransmitters our
brain uses different types of
neurotransmitters each type of
neurotransmitter is responsible for
the activation of specific
neuron receptors which in turn activate the
neuron itself causing specific
reactions in the human organism and this is where
the  thc of
marijuana
whose molecules being very similar to
endocannabinoid neurotransmitters
manages to bind to their receptors to
activate specific neurons thus causing
the typical effects of
marijuana on our mind on our
body there
are four parts of the brain that
have the maximum density of receptors
basic cannabinoids that control
involuntary movements and motor coordination
the hippocampus is responsible for
short-term memory, this explains why
when you take THC you have difficulty
remembering recent events or
focusing the cerebellum which
controls balance,
motor coordination and  hypothalamus which plays a
fundamental role in regulating
appetite and therefore how much food
we consume when closed marijuana describes
the effect as a feeling of
carefree and serenity the pupils
can dilate, displaying the most
vivid colors which with the passage of time
could lead to a strong
sensation  of euphoria or in some cases
a widespread sense of panic, marijuana is
also a strong vasodilator, which is
why marijuana is used
as a medicine by glaucoma patients
who benefit greatly from the
reduction in intraocular pressure,
finally when THC binds with the
cannabinoid receptors in the  hypothalamus
our ability to control hunger
is compromised if we need
food respecting victims of the
so-called munchies
finally remember that the effects
of taking THC from marijuana or
hashish through smoking, vaporization or
management are always temporary and
will vanish in the worst case scenario
after a few hours but be careful because
recognized studies show that
chronic marijuana consumption can
promote anxiety and paranoia disorders in
predisposed subjects and in adolescents
it can lead to a decrease of up to 8
points in the IQ in adulthood
and have you ever tried the  marijuana
let us know in the comments and also let us
know which topics you would like
us to cover in the next videos we will
try to please everyone
slowly to make our
videos in fact it takes a lot of
time and work and if you want to
help us make more and more  and
more and more quickly you can do as
our supporters did on
homeland that we thank the sense that
this video would not have been possible
to become our
supporters too go to
www.pder.it the former I'll explain it to you video and
make a small donation in return
you will always receive some reward
your name
will be in the final thanks of the videos
of you I will explain it finally if you haven't
already done so become our fans on
Facebook and Instagram and subscribe to
our YouTube channel thank you all and
see you  to the next video